.\" Copyright (c) 1993 Michael Haardt (michael@moria.de), Fri Apr  2 11:32:09 MET DST 1993
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111,
.\" USA.
.\" 
.\" Modified Sat Jul 24 17:19:57 1993 by Rik Faith (faith@cs.unc.edu)
.\" Translated into catalan on Fri Nov 4 2011 by Daniel Ripoll Osma
.\" <info@danielripoll.es>
.\"
.TH INTRO 6 "7 febrer 1998" "Linux" "Jocs"
.SH NOM
intro \- Introducció als jocs
.SH DESCRIPCIÓ
Aquest capítol descriu tots els jocs i petits entreteniments
disponibles en el sistema.
.SH AUTORS
Els autors i drets d'autor apareixen en l'encapçalament de cadascuna
de les pàgines del manual. Els drets d'autor poden ser molt
diferents de pàgina en pàgina.

